# Term-Deposit-Sale
3.Make a DataFrame to compare models and their metrics. Give a conclusionregarding the best algorithm and your reason behind it. (​5 marks​)Attribute informationInput variables:Bank client data:1.age: Continuous feature2.job: Type of job (management, technician, entrepreneur, blue-collar, etc.)3.marital: marital status (married, single, divorced)4.education: education level (primary, secondary, tertiary)5.default: has credit in default?6.housing: has a housing loan?7.loan: has personal loan?8.balance in accountRelated to previous contact:9.contact: contact communication type10.month: last contact month of year11.day: last contact day of the month12.duration: last contact duration, in seconds*Important Note:​ this attribute highly affects the output target (e.g., ifduration=0 then y='no'). Yet, the duration is not known before a call isperformed. Also, after the end of the call y is obviously known. Thus, thisinput should only be included for benchmark purposes and should bediscarded if the intention is to have a realistic predictive model.             Other attributes:13.campaign: number of contacts performed during this campaign and forthis client14.pdays: number of days that passed by after the client was last contacted froma previous campaign (-1 tells us the person has not been contacted or contactperiod is beyond 900 days)15.previous: number of times the client has been contacted before for thelast campaign to subscribe term deposit16.poutcome: outcome of the previous marketing campaignOutput variable (desired target):17.Target: Tell us has the client subscribed a term deposit. (Yes, No)
Proprietary content. ©Great Learning. All Rights Reserved. Unauthorized use or distribution prohibited.

